at the level reached at the nex very
comfortable created games always the
formally bosphorus I like
a lot because all the people I
gave smaller more aggressive more
that turns anyway not me it's
the ideal godfather for these people then
details the comfort is good with a
new sport this road for a
new higher we always come here
we have the barbie pad for molex which
contains the fire's own language
bars at the lake the hollow integration that
is to protect the player
attention in january
the pope is really comfortable the
language
but for example really happy the
big word
for him more badly as by the now
the outside was the neighborhood was read
name 15 knots more stability to
joys inside the lining 37.5 help
to keep the player stealing longer
and lighter here inside we at the
barby sole near one more than
stability to the joys I also have the
new higuain sole that comes
really mold yourself to your contour
of your foot so it gives more to do
pass on years no energy and respect
in the week I needed less
energy loss also excellent on
the outside we have the portland litespeed
edge with the news the mls 4 which
gives a more advantageous angle of attack
or joy to look for the puck
more than